[Music]
12 tips on how to get a girlfriend are
you a single guy who's interested in
changing his status do you have few
female friends because you don't know
how to talk to women before we start
this guide let's make one thing clear
something you need to know about women
is that no woman will ever
oh you attention affection or
relationship you should not try to earn
a relationship or compel someone to be
with you instead improve yourself and be
the best version of yourself you can be
in the hopes that a woman will find you
appealing and a relationship can blossom
keep that in mind and your relationship
will be much easier and stronger part 1
make yourself appealing to appeal to
women you need to build up your
reputation as a good guy to be around
here are some tips to do just that work
on yourself for others to like you you
have to like yourself and that means
being comfortable with yourself don't
try to be cool or aloof just relax
if you try too hard to find a girlfriend
you'll look desperate
instead cultivate self-confidence and
self sufficiency get your act together
and show people that you can handle
things improve yourself work on your
diet and exercise which will make you
more attractive and also make you feel
better
learn some interesting things about the
world and develop fun hobbies so that
you'll have something to talk about make
yourself an interesting person that
women might want to talk to be helpful
make it a policy to help people it could
be a woman you're attracted to or just
someone else in the room are they
carrying something heavy or awkward try
would you like some help with that if
they decline don't press them accept
rejection with a relaxed smile be
generous and considerate is someone
short on cash
lend them a few dollars to get some
lunch hold the door for someone coming
through after you whether it's a man or
a woman women tend to be more drawn to
good men and being good will help you
feel better about yourself don't be nice
only to people you're attracted to
that's really easy to do and it comes
across as fake be helpful in general
she'll notice and so will her friends
that way if you come up in conversation
and her friends say he's a good guy
maybe she'll start thinking yeah he is
isn't he work on your presentation it's
important to put your best foot forward
in any social interaction particularly
with a potential girlfriend take care of
your physical appearance attractiveness
is subjective but bad body odor smelly
breath and greasy unkempt hair are not
attractive to most people shower
regularly brush your teeth twice a day
and stay in shape no matter how
attractive you are there will always be
better-looking people out there you need
to make a good first impression
wear clothes you like that look good
clean and unwrinkled clothes are always
the right choice be sure to choose
clothes that fit you well you don't need
to be stylish enough for the movies but
you should have a look that suits you
and complements your appearance in
addition to making you more attractive
taking good care of your physical
appearance will boost your
self-confidence this will then make you
more attractive boosting your
self-confidence and so on recognizing
your good qualities will make you much
better at marketing yourself network to
meet women humans are social animals and
we naturally build communities of people
we know which grow to include the people
they know the more people you meet the
bigger the pool of women you'll come
into contact with and befriend don't be
picky about the people you meet and
don't write anyone off the nice old man
down the street might have a gorgeous
granddaughter you're rich while the
somewhat annoying woman from last
night's party might have a friend that's
perfect for you since you've made an
effort to establish some hobbies go out
and do them you will meet other people
with whom you have interests in common
sign up for activities that sound fun to
you check forums
listings classifieds and Facebook groups
for
local events or meetings that are likely
to attract people with similar interests
or passions you can also explore new
interests or activities you might find a
new hobby and a girlfriend all in one go
don't depend completely on the internet
but check through your school or talk to
co-workers about what they do
tagalog on a hike or to a movie you
wouldn't normally see part 2 how to talk
to women now that you've made yourself a
more interesting and appealing person
and you may have met some women it's
time to start talking to women in your
conversations you need to be sincere fun
and appealing with your heightened
self-confidence that should be no
problem to appeal to women you need to
understand them and acknowledge them as
people with good points and bat talk to
numerous women whether you are
immediately attracted to them or not
practice holding conversations with
women take an interest in their feelings
and hobbies and broaden your horizons
[Music]
practice your approach talk to lots of
women on a consistent basis if you find
a woman attractive go and talk to her
don't be weird about it and don't hit on
her just have a conversation ask her
about her interests and take an interest
in them this will help you build
confidence when talking to women and
foster your reputation as an interesting
approachable guy do this on a regular
basis if you wait too long between
social interactions it's easy for your
reputation to suffer be a
conversationalist
don't use canned material and don't
listen to so-called pickup artists whose
tactics are not respectful or effective
and will only make people dislike you
human beings aren't robots the best way
to make a connection with people is to
speak from the heart
and fully live in the moment what you
say isn't nearly as important as how you
say it
be sincere when in doubt go with a
friendly hi and see where it goes from
there at the same time don't be too
intense or direct toward the women you
interact with be likeable be fun be
appealing you want women's who want to
learn more about you and
spend more time with you practice
genuine compliments
everyone likes compliments and you need
to be able to be sincere when
complimenting women sincerity is a skill
that requires practice challenge
yourself to find something beautiful in
everyone when you encounter whether you
find her attractive or not it doesn't
have to be something physical and it's
probably better if it isn't compliment a
cute gesture an admirable trait a talent
or skill recognizing and expressing true
appreciation will make you a more
attractive and approachable person
don't sweat rejection you're going to
fail sometimes that's just life odds are
you'll find lots of women attractive and
the majority of them will have no
interest in you there's no reason to
worry about that as it's beyond your
control if you see a woman you are
attracted to go and talk to her if
you're feeling bold enough to ask her
out convey your intentions right away
just say hey you seem really nice and I
wanted to meet you if she says no just
smile nod and walk away
don't get upset remember that rejection
is inevitable don't make excuses to do
nothing don't give yourself reasons to
avoid approaching people when you see a
hot girl don't make excuses like she's
probably in a relationship or she's out
of my league she says no one walks away
and like we just said rejection is going
to happen you just have to try again and
get better at your approach there are a
number of ways women passively
discourage men from approaching them and
you need to watch out for these if she's
jogging with her headphones in or
reading on the bus with her legs crossed
in a closed posture better not to bother
her and if the woman you're talking to
was your waitress or salesperson at a
store remember the reason she's talking
to you is that's part of her job it's
not an invitation for you to make things
weird by asking her out if you violate
someone's boundaries they are definitely
not going to want to date you at
best give her a smile and let her
approach you instead if she wants to
[Music]
keep things flirty keep your friendships
slightly flirty this doesn't mean that
you want to get with all of your friends
but being a little flirty will help them
remember that you are a potential
partner not necessarily for them but
just in general even if they're not
interested in you they may be more
likely to set you up with a friend
remember it is a hundred percent okay to
be friends with women it is good for
yourself confidence and it'll let you
hear about new perspectives on the world
you might not have considered before be
funny when you're chatting up a woman
make her laugh we like people who have a
good sense of humor and the key to
having a good sense of humor is to be
light-hearted and unabashedly yourself
avoid making fun of people in a
mean-spirited way and don't direct any
insults at the woman you're trying to
befriend is your sense of humor
sarcastic slapstick go with anything she
seems to like as long as you don't try
so hard that it becomes fake don't worry
if the woman you're talking to doesn't
laugh as long as you're not being a jerk
it's okay to fail sometimes as we know
that's inevitable don't defend her but
don't worry about whether or not she
ultimately thinks you're funny
because you know what if she can't laugh
with you then this probably isn't a
person you want to spend a lot of time
with anyway and who knows maybe one of
her friends someone you haven't even
noticed we'll find you hilarious and try
to get closer to you have fun and be
yourself relax and have fun when you're
chatting with women this is really
important if you're too anxious or take
it all too seriously that will come
across but if you're having fun you
won't care about potential rejection and
you'll probably come across as a cool
and fun person and remember you are
yourself you can pretend to be someone
else for a while
but that's not a long-term strategy you
can maintain so just be yourself if you
interact with a woman and she doesn't
like who you are don't pursue her don't
laugh just because she's laughing and
don't pretend to be something you're not
did you find some helpful advice here
have you made some new female friends
recently how did you do it tell us in
the comments below and don't forget to
Like share and subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
you